Build and Run Instructions

   1. Clone the repository:
      git clone

   2. Navigate to the project root directory:
      cd user-api

   3. Build the Docker images and start the containers using Docker Compose:
      docker-compose up --build

   This command will build the Docker image for the Spring Boot application, pull the MongoDB image, 
      and start the containers.
   Wait for the containers to start up and initialize.
   Once the containers are up and running, you can access the Spring Boot application at http://localhost:8082.

Important decisions:

   1. Application Architecture. User-api uses DTO for carrying data between layers according 
     to anti-corruption layer principle
   2. Validation. User-api doesn't have any id validation because of following reasons: 
       -Each id generated by mongodb
       -User doesn't have possibility to enter empty id because of restapi specifics
   3. Testing. Test classes use @BeforeEach annotation instead of @BeforeAll despite the fact that tests do not change 
        the state of the initializing object because of avoiding concurrency issues 
   4. Exception handling. User-api handle runtime exceptions because of increasing understanding their co-occurrence for users

Best practices applying. 
   1. DRY - common logic such an init users for testing is placed in the separate methods
   2. Single responsibility. Validation and converting logic are placed in a separate class
   3. DTO are immutable and creates via builder
   4. Naming. Variables, methods and classes are express the essence of what they're doing
   5. Utility classes have the private constructor 